Hey, how do you match it?
Hey, boss, look at how much this bowl costs.
Hey, I really know how to eat
Brother Yang brought me shopping
I actually met you beggar
Boss, don't be deceived by him.
This is a dog bowl.
Are you a real guest today?
That must be my brother Yang
Buy whatever the money looks at today
I'm not like some gambler
I can't even support my own wife
Hahahahaha
Okay, you two are tough enough to be public in front of me
Don't shut up at all
Hey, what's going on?
I hugged you, a trash about to get a divorce
Can you control me?
Ah, Lu Yao, Lu Yao
I thought you were begging on the street
It's embarrassing enough
Why are you taking out a dog tube to deceive people now?
I shut up little brother
This gentleman
Are you sure you want to sell this thing?
For the boss, it depends on what price you give, right?
Gotta boss
Are you confused?
This is a broken web of appetite
Yes, boss, if you like it
I'll sell you ten more, eight more.
Shut up, you know what this is
This is Tang Sancai
Tang Sancai, you said this is Tang Sancai Tang Sancai
This has Tang Sancai
I want this Tang Sancai 3 million
What!